but tonight go we're actually going to
departure for the hunt with the dogs going
to make the bar and where the friend of
malaise or tea with yves and hervé
danghin but the departure with I found
it's 120 go down we're going to go
quietly riding the grandfathers
we need a step
the riders go to where
we hope to launch the service that was
made at
among them this is our young maxim where
the animal was ambushes and so where
there is the break that is when when
cleat saw an animal foot and that he has
made in in an enclosure and visits
cut off a branch and but this is
which is called a breeze and in the
direction where the farm animal and he goes
come there with his dogs to put the
dogs broke him and dogs go
enter the enclosure
they will bring closer on the animal and then
hope for life at the end he finds that at
that moment we have trouble either you
are you going to hear a beautiful
music would have us in his head and the
bosun with the dogs and
behind the greens we call that the
green these are the crew buttons and
guests in black are still behind
guests should not exceed
green because it's the greens that chase
guests are just following the hunt
and
Oh
we are
at the start of the hunt the horns sound
the walk of vénerie